docs: add documentation on how to set up a online experiment via Fire… (#479)
AutoResearch/autora: docs/online-experiments/firebase.md

# Firebase Integration

> Here we explain how to set up a [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/) website to collect observations for an AutoRA workflow. [Here](user-guide/experiment-runners/experimentation-managers/firebase/) you find information on how to connect AutoRA to a Firebase website. Additionally, [here](user-guide/experiment-runners/recruitment-managers/prolific/) we explain how to include [Prolific](https://www.prolific.co/) to automatically recruit participants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find information on how to set up a Firebase website to collect observations for an AutoRA workflow, how to connect such a website to AutoRA, and how include Prolific to automatically recruit participants at the following pages, respectively: [Firebase homepage](https://firebase.google.com/), [AutoRA Firebase Experimentation Manager](user-guide/experiment-runners/experimentation-managers/firebase/), [AutoRA Prolific Recruitment Manager](user-guide/experiment-runners/recruitment-managers/prolific/).
```

Author: ```suggestion
On this page, you find information on how to set up a [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/) website to collect observations for an AutoRA workflow. You can find information on how to connect such a page to AutoRA, and on how to automatically recruit participants via [Prolific](https://www.prolific.co/) at the following pages, respectively: [AutoRA Firebase Experimentation manager](user-guide/experiment-runners/experimentation-managers/firebase/), [AutoRA Prolific Recruitment Manager](user-guide/experiment-runners/recruitment-managers/prolific/).
```

Author: The first here refers to "on this page"

Reviewer: ah right, i was confused!

For setting up the online experiment, we recommend using either the [user cookiecutter template](https://github.com/AutoResearch/autora-user-cookiecutter) or the [create-react-app template](https://github.com/AutoResearch/cra-template-autora-firebase).

!!! hint
    The cookiecutter template also provides a template for the AutoRA workflow used in online experiments.

## Installation

> To make sure that node is installed on your system, run the following command. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make sure that `node` is installed on your system, run the following command. 
```

```shell
node -v
```

> If you don't see a version number or the version number is bellow 16.0, install or update node following the instruction on the [node.js website](https://nodejs.org/en/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't see a version number or the version number is below 16.0, install or update `node` following the instruction on the [node.js website](https://nodejs.org/en/).
```

> When node is available on your system, you can use ***create-react-app*** by running the following command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `node` is available on your system, you can use ***create-react-app*** by running the following command.
```

```shell
npx create-react-app path/to/react/pp --template autora-firebase
```
If you want to use ***cookiecutter***, run the following command and follow the instructions.
```shell
cookiecutter https://github.com/AutoResearch/autora-user-cookiecutter
```
This creates your ***project folder***. Before writing code for your website, you also need to set up a Firebase project.
 

> ## Setting up a Firebase project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Firebase Project Setup
```

Author: Are we set on capitalizing all headers (no matter what level?). If so, we need to make some changes to existing documentation. For example, [https://autoresearch.github.io/autora/user-guide/theorists/darts/meta-parameters/](https://autoresearch.github.io/autora/user-guide/theorists/darts/meta-parameters/)

Reviewer: personally, i really don't like the ambiguity introduced when capitalizing only "major" words. i would much rather do sentence case (only first letter of first word, no matter what) or strong title case (every first letter captialized)

Author: Yes, you are right about that. I don't like it, either. The question is, do we want to make a distinction between the first header (title of the page) and the other headers? (Maybe strong title case in the title of the page and sentence case in all other headers)
Or should we have the same casing in all titles no matter if it is a title of the page or a header inside the page? (In that case I would personaly prefer sentence case)

Author: Oh sorry, you answered by saying "globaly". Makes sense to me!

> ### Initializing firebase account and project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Initialize Firebase Account And Project
```

> - Create and login to a firebase account on the [Firebase website](https://firebase.google.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create and log in to a Firebase account on the [Firebase website](https://firebase.google.com/).
```

> - Create a firebase project by clicking add project and enter a project name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a Firebase project by clicking add project and enter a project name.
```

- You can choose to disable google analytics in the next page if you are not planning on using it for your project.

> ### Copying web app credentials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Copy Web App Credentials
```

- Navigate to the [Firebase console](https://console.firebase.google.com/) and select the project
- To create a new web app, click on `Add App` or the `<>` symbol and follow the prompts
- Enter a name for the Firebase app (could be the same as the project name)
- Check `Also set up Firebase Hosting for this app`
- Click `Register App`. This auto-generates a script with several values that you need to copy for the next step.

> - Copy the auto-generated values from the Firebase console to the corresponding variables in the .env file in the project folder that was created on your system using create-react-app or cookiecutter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Copy the auto-generated values from the Firebase console to the corresponding variables in the `.env` file in the project folder that was created on your system using create-react-app or cookiecutter
```

```dotenv
REACT_APP_apiKey=
REACT_APP_authDomain=
REACT_APP_projectId=
REACT_APP_storageBucket=
REACT_APP_messagingSenderId=
REACT_APP_appId=
REACT_APP_devNoDb="True"
REACT_APP_useProlificId="False"
```
- Click on `Next`

> - You will not need to run the command that is prompted in after clicking next, click `Next` again

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You will not need to run the command that is displayed after first clicking `Next`, so click `Next` again
```

- Click `Continue to console`

> ### Setting up Firestore

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Firestore Setup
```

> Autora includes cloud storage for task data using Firestore. Follow these steps to initialize Firestore:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AutoRA includes cloud storage for task data using Firestore. Follow these steps to initialize Firestore:
```

> - Navigate to the current project in the developer console and select Firestore Database from the sidebar under build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Navigate to the current project in the developer console and select `Firestore Database` from the sidebar under `Build`.
```

- Click `Create Database`
- Select production mode and click `Next`

> - choose the current location and click `Enable`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Choose the current location and click `Enable`
```

> ### Configure your project for Firebase

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Configure Your Project For Firebase
```

> In the project folder, write the following commands in your terminal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the project folder, enter the following commands in your terminal:
```

> First login to your firebase account using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First log in to your Firebase account using
```

```shell
firebase login
```

> Then initialize the firebase project to this folder by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then initialize the Firebase project in this folder by running:
```

```shell
firebase init
```

> An interactive init process will now run in your command line. For the first question, select these options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An interactive initialization process will now run in your command line. For the first question, select these options:
```

- Firestore: Configure security rules and indexes files for Firestore
- Hosting: Configure files for Firebase Hosting and (optionally) set up GitHub Action deploys

> - As a Firebase project, use the one, you created earlier

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For a Firebase project, use the one you created earlier
```

> - Use the default options for the Firestore Rules and the Firestore indexes.

Reviewer: Rule or rules; indexes or Indexes?

> - Use the default options for the Firestore Rules and the Firestore indexes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the default options for the Firestore rules and the Firestore indexes.
```

- ***!!! IMPORTANT !!!*** Use the build directory instead of the public directory here.
- When asked for the directory, write `build` and press `Enter`.

> - Configure as a single-page app, don't set up automatic builds and deploys with GitHub. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Configure as a single-page app; don't set up automatic builds and deploys with GitHub. 
```

- Don't overwrite the index.html file if the question pops up.

> ## Write code for your experiment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Write Code For Your Experiment
```

> To write code for your experiment, use the `main.js` file in the `src/design` folder. For example, you can use [jsPsych](https://www.jspsych.org/7.3/) and install packages using npm. The main function should return an observation (the data created by a participant).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To write code for your experiment, use the `main.js` file in the `src/design` folder. For example, you can use [jsPsych](https://www.jspsych.org/7.3/) and install packages using `npm`. The main function should return an observation (the data created by a participant).
```

You can test the experiment locally using
```shell
npm start
```

> During the development, the Firestore database will not be used. If you want to load conditions from the database, you need to upload them first (for example using the [AutoRA Firebase experimentation manager](user-guide/experiment-runners/experimentation-managers/firebase/)) and set `REACT_APP_devNoDb="False"` in the .env file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During development, the Firestore database will not be used. If you want to load conditions from the database, you need to upload them first (for example using the [AutoRA Firebase Experimentation Manager](user-guide/experiment-runners/experimentation-managers/firebase/)) and set `REACT_APP_devNoDb="False"` in the `.env` file.
```

### Using Prolific Ids

> If you want to recruit participants via Prolific (for example using the [AutoRA Prolific participant manager](user-guide/experiment-runners/recruitment-managers/prolific/)), we ***highly recommend*** setting `REACT_APP_useProlificId="True"`. This will speed up the recruitment of participants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to recruit participants via Prolific (for example using the [AutoRA Prolific Recruitment Manager](user-guide/experiment-runners/recruitment-managers/prolific/)), we ***highly recommend*** setting `REACT_APP_useProlificId="True"`. This will speed up the recruitment of participants.
```

> ## Build and deploy the project to Firebase 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Build And Deploy The Project To Firebase 
```

> To serve the website to the internet, you need to build and deploy it to Firebase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To serve the website on the internet, you must build and deploy it to Firebase.
```

To build the project, run
```shell
npm run build
```
To deploy to Firebase, run
```shell
firebase deploy
```

> This will expose the website to the web. You can find the url of the website in the command line or on the Firebase console of your project under `Hosting`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will make the website available on the web. You can find the URL of the website in the command line or on the Firebase console of your project under `Hosting`.
```
